Update defender-for-container-registries-cicd.md (#89433)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-cloud/defender-for-container-registries-cicd.md

        subscription-token: ${{ secrets.AZ_SUBSCRIPTION_TOKEN }} 
    ```

> 1. Run the workflow that will push the image to the selected container registry. Once the image is pushed into the registry, a scan of the registry runs and you can view the CI/CD scan results along with the registry scan results within Microsoft Defender for Cloud. Running the above yaml file will result in an instance of Aqua Security's [Trivy](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy) being installed in your build system. Trivy is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, and has dependencies on datafeeds, many of which contain their own terms of use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the workflow that will push the image to the selected container registry. Once the image is pushed into the registry, a scan of the registry runs and you can view the CI/CD scan results along with the registry scan results within Microsoft Defender for Cloud. Running the above YAML file will install an instance of Aqua Security's [Trivy](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy) in your build system. Trivy is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License and has dependencies on data feeds, many of which contain their own terms of use.
```
